(upbeat music)
Hi, sweets.
Mom, it's 4.
I'm thinking a little off the sides.
You said deal.
I know, I know.
If I took some off the top here, I think it would
really lighten it up.
Mom.
(clicking flat iron)
Just a sec.
I'm sorry, I just can't leave before close tonight.
Joey's out sick and Bev has class.
But you promised.
I know.
My schedule got slammed.
I just don't have enough time, May.
You never have enough time.
7:30. I swear.
Love you.
Hey!
(boys laugh)
Watch it, kid!
(door creeks)
(eerie music)
(crash)
(dramatic music)
75 dollars.
75 dollars!
That's two days, man.
It's your time.
You think it's so valuable, you keep it.
This is perfectly good time here.
This is good time.
That is decent time.
Nobody buys decent.
They want amazing, alone, fantastic time.
Excuse me.
What?
What's in all those jars?
Time.
Time? That's impossible.
Are you calling me a liar?
Well, if it is time, what does it do?
Buy a good time, you get a good time.
Buy some alone time, you get some alone time.
Enough time?
Does that give you more time?
It gives you enough time to do what you want to do.
Look, do you want to buy something or what?
That. Enough time.
I'll buy that one.
100 dollars.
Oh.
Right.
May I help you?
Two nice times please.
Nice? Typical.
Fine, great. Happy?
Two great times.
(woman laughs)
Hello?
Hey, guy.
Not so fast, kid.
What do you have in your hand?
The door handle.
The other hand.
(ominous sound)
A few hours hard labor.
That should teach you something about the value of time.
Now, let's see.
The aisles need a good sweeping, the clocks are off,
the hour glasses all need resetting and, of course,
there's bathroom.
What was that?
Slow time.
You could have killed me.
My heart almost stopped beating in my chest.
You're fine.
Well, if I'm going to do all this work,
then what do I get?
A clean conscious.
What about my time?
We'll see.
(music)
Oh, please, Willa.
Don't be docious, it's their 60th anniversary.
I hope you have a nice time?
You always do this.
What? What do I do?
First it's, "Let's buy something simple."
And before you know it, I'm going into debt
(muffled) for a birthday present.
(muffled) But it's their 60th anniversary.
(Door slams)
You know, there's really no point in all this.
As soon as a person buys a clock, they're just
they're just going to throw it in their car
and the hands are going to go all over.
Besides, how do you know that they're not sending it
to a cousin in Russia or Kansas.
Then, they'll just have to reset it anyway.
I'm not going to say this twice.
Check the atomic clock, then adjust the second hand
on each clock to the exact time.
Got it?
Yeah, duh.
I set the clocks.
It's not rocket science.
Good.
(Clock chimes)
So, you work here all by yourself?
I help my mom at work.
I mean, it's just a salon, but it's pretty cool.
Where's your family?
I don't have a family.
Everyone has a family.
Not everyone.
Now, get to work.
I'll be watching.
Join the union?
What?
Get back to work.
What is that thing?
That thing is a time extractor.
The only one in the world.
People want to sell their time, I make it possible.
I built it myself.
Don't people need their time?
They don't know what to do with it anyway,
so they just waste it all on office parties and
pointless family obligations.
Well, can you get your time back?
You can't add hours back on, but you can
change the quality of time you have.
So, you lose it forever?
Most people don't even notice.
Now, go down to storage and bring back
whatever quality time we have left.
Be careful!
Family time and quality time look similar,
but they're not.
Peach and tangerine.
(gentle music)
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.
What?
You said I could get my time.
No. I said we'll see.
That's not fair.
Fair is not being a thief.
I worked.
I did everything you asked.
Leave me alone, kid.
Wait, I'll trade.
My time for the enough time.
It'll cost.
Fine.
(machine starts)
What's a kid want with enough time anyway?
My mom said that if she had enough time that
she'd make pancakes tonight for my birthday.
All right.
(machine stops)
That's it?
That's it.
Mom!
Hey, babe. I was getting worried.
Almost done. I swear.
Oh, hey. Grab me my pop.
Look, they're growing into my hairline.
Please tell me you can do this.
I would if I could, but I was supposed to leave at 4.
Thanks, baby.
You know?
What the F.
Let's do those brows. I got time.
Thank you.
But mom?
Just make sure you get here and then
definitely get this spot.
Mom. You said if you had enough time
It'll only be another few minutes.
Oh my God. Idea!
I just got this new threading kit.
Wait! Mom.
Doesn't that kill?
No. They did mine at the expo.
(doors banging)
You lied.
To who?
It didn't work.
My mom took it and it didn't work.
Yeah, well.
Like I said, people just waste their time.
Why?
I don't know.
It's stupid.
You know, this place is a dump.
You're probably in federal violation.
You should get someone to clean it.
Know anyone?
Maybe.
The shop opens at 8:30.
8:30? It's the summer.
8:30.
Fine, 8:30.
Deal?
Deal.
(happy music)